#Project Title: My First Microgame

#Description: It's a first person shooter where you have to navigate your way through the map and kill two enemies. I added an extra enemy that you can try to kill for fun, as well as an extra weapon. Choosing to or not to collect these items wil not affect your gameplay, it'll just be a fun bonus when you explore the map !! The controls are explained for you when you open the menu.

#Setup Instructions: How to open and run your game. 

#Reflection: I learned how to use Unity and mess around with the controls to create something that I liked. While I don't think I'd ever make a FPS game ever, I liked that I got to learn how to create maps and scenes, as well as toy around with the enemy settings. It was fun creating new areas and implementing my enemy designs to the game. I'm upset that Unity removed the modding tutorials, which would have been so helpful when adding a new bot or customizing the way it looked. I learned how to do it and tried my best, but I think I would have learned better if I was looking at actual code instead of searching and dragging and dropping and scaling and rotating items. The challenging parts included making the walls for the special enemy. To be honest, everything else was also hard but it made sense when I figured out what to do. Making the walls was difficult because I didn't know how to keep them next to each other and on the same elevation. Then I had to do that for 12-ish more walls. That pissed me off so bad. 
